Q.7 What’s Grid & Flex and difference between them?
Answer-

CSS Flexbox-
The Flexbox, short for the CSS Flexible Box Module, is a one-dimensional layout model within CSS that makes it simple to layout your page, application, widget, or gallery, or just any responsive feature your site requires. Thanks to Flexbox’s powerful aligning capabilities, you can easily create flexible responsive designs using float or positioning. Items flex to accommodate into extra spaces and shrink to fit into tight spaces. The Flexbox is basically a layout model that provides an easy and neat way to arrange items within a container. If you have a container with its display property set to flex, it flex the size of the containers within it but the containers’ margins do not collapse with the margins of its contents. It enables you to calculate and distribute space but without altering the underlying markup. There are no floats at all and it is responsive and mobile-friendly.

CSS Grid-
The CSS Grid Layout Module, or CSS Grid, is a powerful grid-based layout system in Cascading Style Sheets that makes it simple to design complex responsive web layouts across browsers using a two-dimensional grid. Web applications have become more complex over the years and developers needed something simple that could help them do advanced layouts without using any complex solutions such as using floats. The CSS Grid provides a unique solution to this problem, providing a flexible way to change the position of elements with only Cascading Style Sheets without even changing the HTML. It largely replaces the need to use any kind of float based layout or Flexbox or any of the stuff you used before. The idea behind CSS Grid is to divide a page into major regions while also allowing you to position and size the building block elements in terms of size, position and layer. It enables you to lay out items across and down at once, which is something a Flexbox container cannot facilitate.